i'm looking for a transporter i'm
listening
it was supposed to be an easy assignment
hey hey what's the first rule when
entering a man's car
good this was a favor i don't usually do
this sort of a job
i thought you were a professional driver
a different kind of driving but in frank
martin's line of work
jack billings to see dr coblin room
three on your left
nothing is ever what it seems
[Music]
hello you have two hours to get me 20
million dollars in non-sequential 100
bills two hours mr billings starting now
we don't know who we're dealing with we
think the driver may be in on it that's
impossible
no he could have been setting this up
the whole time and you wouldn't have
known any different got him
the best in the business
he stable yes stable good he's back in
the game
what do you know it's more than a
kidnapping what are you gonna do
find the guy responsible he's your
friend
[Applause]
this is
just came out of the dry cleaners
impressive
transporter two
[Music]
you